Add SyncStarted packet (#8)
skynet-im/skynet: protocol.md

Each connection begins with a handshake. This allows us to inform the user about new application versions, or even enforce an update. Application versions in VSL must only be incremented once the layout of the handshake packet changes. In Skynet however, we will treat each platform differently so that new versions can be released asynchronously for different platforms.

### Device Registration ###
Using Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) requires the server to keep track of the registered devices.

> Furthermore, tracking devices brings two more important advantages: Devices that were not connected for more than half a year can be forced to reauthenticated. Also, other features like a two-factor authentication are then possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, tracking devices brings two more important advantages: Devices that were not connected for more than half a year can be forced to reauthenticate. This also allows for other features such as two-factor authentication.
```

### Channels ###
With the Skynet protocol v4 we had different implementations for many types of communication channels. This concept made abstraction almost impossible and increased the complexity, especially on the server side.

> To avoid this problem, we introduce a completely new concept with Platinum Stack: Every communication channel will now be treated as a `Channel` with a unique `ChannelId`. The server does not care which messages are sent over a channel. Data is sent over a `Channel` as a `Message` with a globally unique incremental ID. The key exchange for a channel is either done by a contact request or by using the key of an existing private channel.  

Reviewer: Do we have contact requests?

5. Charlie's message is delivered to Alice with `SkipCount = 0`
6. Bob's message is delivered to Alice with `SkipCount = 1`

If Alice would lose her connection after step 5, she would never receive Bob's message because her `LastMessageId` is `6`.
Therefore, the server sends a `SkipCount` indicating how many message IDs have been skipped regarding all her channels. With this information Alice can notice that she is missing a message.
If she doesn't receive this message at the next session restore, her client has to request it from the server.

##### MessageFlags #####
`MessageFlags.Loopback` indicates that a message is to be delivered only to the other devices of the sender of this message. Messages with the loopback flag are encrypted using the key of the users _loopback channel_.  
Using a loopback flag solves many problems but makes the classical revision system of all clients having the same data impossible.

> Therefore, a client which decides, not to synchronize all messages, has to request them later from the server which may lead to duplicate messages that have to be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, a client which decides not to synchronize all messages has to request them later from the server which may lead to duplicate messages that have to be ignored.
```

##### Profile data #####
Profile data can either be shared publicly via the account's account data channel with _MessageFlags.Unencrypted_ or via a profile data channel, which technically inherit from the group channel. To manage permissions, multiple profile data channels containing different members can be created. The account data channel is unique per account and managed by the server.

### User files ###
The files attached to media messages are encrypted using `AES-GCM-256` and then uploaded to file transfer servers over HTTPS (see [features.md](features.md)).  
Authenticated clients can always upload files, and get an Int64 `FileId` from the server. The owner of a file is allowed to reference it in a message. After that, all users in the same channel are allowed to reference it in other channels.

> This saves a lot of bandwidth when files are forwarded. Clients are encouraged search for an identical file before the upload as users might want to share the same file at different times to different users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This saves a lot of bandwidth when files are forwarded. Clients are encouraged to search for an identical file before uploading as users might want to share the same file at different times to different users.
```

> When a file is referenced for the first time in a channel, all its members are granted permission to share the file. Files without any permissions are deleted by the garbage collector after a certain time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a file is referenced for the first time in a channel, all of its members are granted permission to share the file. Files without any permissions are deleted by the garbage collector after a certain time.
```

```

### **0x0D** DeleteChannel ![networkDown] ###

> Sent by the server to notify a client that a channel has been deleted permanently from the server. The client should not mention this channel in _RestoreSession_ packets anymore, but can keep the data locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sent by the server to notify a client that a channel has been deleted permanently from the server. The client should not include this channel in _RestoreSession_ packets anymore, but can keep the data locally.
```

I think for technical terms, include is better than mention

Use `ChannelId=0` to get messages from arbitrary channels.  
Setting `After` or `Before` to `0` disables the boundry check.

Just like the session restore, this action starts a sync process with _SyncStarted_ and _SyncFinshed_ packets.
It is likely that the client will receive messages from the server that it already has. These messages have to be ignored.
```vpsl
<Int64 ChannelId>
<Int64 After><Int64 Before>
<UInt16 MaxCount>
```

### **0x0B** SyncStarted ![networkDown] ###
This packet is sent by the server to a client to indicate that a sync process has started.

> `MinCount` specifies how many channel messages are going to be sent at least. A value of `-1` means that the server did not check the message count in advance. Clients must not consider a sync process to be complete before they receive the respective _SyncFinished_ packet.

Reviewer: Just out of interest: When and why does the server not check how many messages it is going to send?

Author: Counting the number of messages requires an additional query before fetching the message contents from the database. If a working progress bar is not worth the performance impact, this feature could be turned of in the server.

```

### **0x19** ArchiveChannel ![networkDuplex] ###
This packet changes a channel's archive mode which is necessary to avoid sending messages to a deleted or blocked channel.

> Only direct channels can be blocked. They are managed by the server and in contrast to deleted channels, clients can still send any packets except _ChatMessage_ over blocked channels.

Reviewer: Why can I send non-ChatMessage packets to a _blocked_ channel?

Reviewer: Also, does that include Message Override? Because if that wasn't included, I could edit messages in blocked channels.

> Direct channels can only be deleted by deleting one of the accounts involved whereas group channels can be deleted by their administrators by sending this packet with `ArchiveMode.Deleted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct channels can only be deleted by deleting one of the accounts involved, whereas group channels can be deleted by their administrators by sending this packet with `ArchiveMode.Deleted`.
```
